DOCS: Updating 'Create a YOCTO image' article - for master (#14130)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/install_guides/troubleshooting-issues.md

```sh
sudo mokutil --disable-validation
```

> ## <a name="yocto-install-issues"></a>Issues While Creating YOCTO Image with Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ Toolkit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## <a name="yocto-install-issues"></a>Issues with Creating a Yocto Image for OpenVINO
```

### Error while adding "meta-intel" layer

When using the `bitbake-layers add-layer meta-intel` command, the following error might occur:
```sh
NOTE: Starting bitbake server...
ERROR: The following required tools (as specified by HOSTTOOLS) appear to be unavailable in PATH, please install them in order to proceed: chrpath diffstat pzstd zstd
```

To resolve the issue, install the `chrpath diffstat zstd` tools:

```sh

> sudo apt-get install chrpath diffstat zstd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sudo apt-get install chrpath diffstat zstd
```
```

> sudo apt-get install chrpath diffstat zstd

Reviewer: It seems the code block is missing a closure here.

Author: ```suggestion
sudo apt-get install chrpath diffstat zstd
```
```

Author: I have applied the correction.
